Update queries/about.mdx (#1044)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/queries/about.mdx

const container = document.querySelector('#app')
const inputNode2 = getByLabelText(container, 'Username')
```
### `queryOptions`

> You can pass a `queryOptions` object with the query type. See the docs for each query type to see available options, e.g. [here](https://testing-library.com/docs/queries/byrole#api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass a `queryOptions` object with the query type. See the docs for each query type to see available options, e.g. [byRole API](queries/byrole.mdx#api).
```
